# EDC Mission Statement

Exeter Drama Company is a registered charity (no 1181995).

Our mission is to foster a vibrant and inclusive community that celebrates
diversity, empowers individuals, and nurtures creative expression through the
dramatic arts and community outreach. Since 1954 we have been dedicated to
providing opportunities for all individuals, regardless of their age and
background, to explore and develop their creative skills in a safe and
supportive environment.

We believe in the power of diversity and inclusion, recognising that every
individual brings a unique perspective and talent to the stage. With our four
yearly plays and additional smaller performances we aim to create a rich
tapestry of voices, stories, and experiences that reflect the world we live in.

We strive to break down barriers and foster an environment where everyone feels
valued, respected, and included and our commitment extends beyond the spotlight
with backstage roles. These roles help bring our productions to life and include
costume and set design, lighting, sound engineering, and stage management. By
offering these opportunities, we aim to develop a well-rounded understanding of
the theatrical process, empowering individuals to contribute their skills and
talents to the overall production.

Through our fundraising, social club nights, workshops, and performances, we aim
to inspire and ignite a passion for the dramatic arts in Exeter and the wider
Devon community. We believe that creativity is a powerful tool for personal
growth, self-expression, and building confidence. By providing a platform for
individuals to explore their creative potential, we strive to cultivate a
community of lifelong learners who are equipped with the skills and confidence
to pursue their artistic pursuits.

We invite you to join us on this transformative journey as we celebrate
diversity, develop creative skills, and provide opportunities for all to shine
both on and off the stage.
